VueConf US

New Orleans, LAMay 15-17 2024

SpeakersWorkshopsScheduleLocationRegister

big

In New Orleans (The Big Easy) hosted by Evan You — the creator of Vue.js — and the Vue.js core team. Save your seat now!

Register NowGet Updates

New Orleans, LA May 15-17 2024

Easy

Vue

New Orleans, LA May 15-17, 2024In New Orleans (The Big Easy) hosted by Evan You — the creator of Vue.js — and the Vue.js core team. Save your seat now!

Register NowGet Updates

Have you purchased your ticket yet? Code playground, brain-melting talks, and networking smoother than melted butter. Level up your Vue skills, meet your people, and leave a coding rockstar. Ditch the FOMO, grab your ticket!

Individual: Conference

May 16 -17, 2024$895

Conference + Workshop

May 15 -17, 2024$1,495

Workshops & Training Full day, hands-on training to level up your Vue skills. More details coming soon, but sign up now to reserve your spot!

Adam JahrGetting Started with Vue Adam Jahr

This VueMastery.com workshop will teach you the fundamentals of Vue.js so you can start being productive and building apps immediately. With visual animations and analogies that make abstract concepts concrete, along with coding challenges that help you learn by putting your new skills into practice, you'll build two apps throughout the day. We’ll start off by covering the core common syntax as we build our first app, then move on to building a more production-level app from the ground up.

Topics Include

The Vue instance
Attribute binding
Conditional rendering
List rendering
Event handling
Class & style binding
Computed properties
Components
Props
Communicating events
Forms
Vue CLI
Single file components
Vue Router Essentials
Dynamic Routing
APIs with Axios
Deploying your Vue app

Daniel RoeNailing it with Nuxt 3 - Inside and Out
In this workshop by the team lead of Nuxt, you'll learn everything you need to become a Nuxt expert, building on the latest developments in the last year.

We'll cover the choices you would make in architecting a new app, working with business constraints and justifying your choices to a bigger audience. We'll cover all the different features of Nuxt - from its integrations with Vue, Nitro, TypeScript, Vite and more, through to deployment as part of a full-stack application.

To ensure you gain real proficiency with Nuxt, we'll build an app and a Nuxt module across the course of the day. The app will give an opportunity to become familiar with the many features Nuxt offers, and we'll really deploy it live to one of several serverless platforms - your choice! As we craft the module, we'll zoom into the internals of Nuxt and explore how to customize it for exactly your needs and use cases - even if Nuxt doesn't support them out-of-the-box.

Come prepared to have fun and dive deep quickly. Whether you have prior experience with Nuxt or are starting from scratch, you'll learn tips, tricks and more to level-up your development!

Ben HongProven Patterns for Building Vue Apps
Learn fundamental concepts and principles you need to know to build the foundations for world-class Vue applications. Topics will include component design patterns, state management patterns with Pinia and composables, workflows to enhance productivity, testing strategies, best practices for organizing (and reorganizing) increasingly complex applications, and more!

Evan YouUnderstanding Vue from the Bottom Up
In this workshop, we will look at Vue from the implementor's perspective and understand how different lower level pieces fit together to form a framework. We will be taking a brief tour of the source code, and then deep dive into two core parts of Vue: the reactivity system and the template compiler. We will discuss how the compiler transforms the template into code that leverages the reactivity system for efficient rendering.

This is a relatively advanced workshop and is intended for experienced Vue developers who want to have a deeper understanding of the framework.

Jess SachsVitest and The Big Picture: Shipping and Maintaining Quality Applications
For some developers, writing tests is a chore. For others, testing is part of their development process. Looking at the big picture, we're all trying to accomplish the same goal: shipping quality applications that are maintainable. Sometimes we use tests to do that.

Regardless of which camp you fall under, this workshop is for you. If you're trying to learn how to teach others how to test their code or if you're being asked to test your code and have no idea where to start... start here! You'll learn specific techniques as well as abstract concepts that will help you test your app, composables, and components.

The goal of this workshop is to teach you concepts about delivering quality software that you can apply to any situation or stack. We'll do this in round table discussions, conversation, and using practical coding exercises in Vue and TypeScript (or JavaScript).

This workshop will teach you how to think about testing and how to use Vitest (optionally with its new browser mode) in order to help you write tests and understand what to test.

You'll learn about framework agnostic tools and concepts such as:
1. How to systemically fix "flaky" tests.
2. How to test "things that mount in the browser" in the generic sense.
3. How to utilize Testing Library to make interacting with and finding components a breeze.
4. How to use Mock Service Worker to mock out network requests.
5. When to use end-to-end or integration testing tools instead of Vitest.
6. The benefits of realistic mock data using Faker.js.

You'll learn Vue-specific concepts such as:
1. How to test your Vue components with your users in mind (both developers and end users!).
2. How to test components that use slots, scoped slots, events, and props.
3. How to test composables?
4. How and when to mock Vue Router.
5. How to easily test code that relies on state management tools like Pinia.

Day 1
7:30 AM
REGISTRATION AND BREAKFAST (GENERATIONS HALL, NOT AT THE CONF HOTEL)
9:00 AM
STATE OF VITE & VUE 2024
Evan You

State of Vite & Vue 2024

9:40 AM
SHORT COFFEE BREAK!

10:00 AM
RENDERING REVEALED
Adam Jahr

Ever feel like you're drowning in the alphabet soup of options for rendering your web apps? SPA, CSR, RSC, SSR, SSG, ISR... 🤯

Let’s cut through the confusing jargon and gain clarity about modern rendering modes, how they function, and most importantly: how to select the right rendering strategy for your use case to achieve the most performant outcome possible.

10:30 AM
REUSABLE WIDGETS THAT WORK!
Maria Lamardo

You can easily build reusable components using a JS framework. We can leverage this to build accessible reusable widgets with the help of ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Application). Using ARIA roles and attributes, we can improve the accessibility of certain elements by providing additional semantics. In this talk, we will go over how to follow the specifications and build accessible and reusable tabs, accordions, toggle buttons, and modal dialogs that work for everyone!

11:00 AM
MORNING BREAK

11:30 AM
HOW TO BUILD FAST NUXT 3 APPLICATIONS - PRPL PATTERN IN PRACTICE
Filip Rakowski

Despite growing awareness about the importance of performance and the availability of tools like Lighthouse that allow to measure it with few clicks, we see most of the Single Page Applications being just slow. Most of the SPAs out there don’t pass core web vitals.

Why? The short answer is JavaScript. Following the standard way of building web applications means that adding every new component or feature equals adding more JavaScript. More JavaScript equals slower page loads.

Does it mean we are doomed and every feature-rich application just had to be slow? Not at all! During this talk I want to share with you the PRPL patterns that will help you to achieve fast page loads even in large and complex applications. We will explore different stages of application growth, learn about the most common bottlenecks, and how to minimize their impact on the overall page performance. All of that using the latest and greatest iteration of Nuxt.js!


12:00 AM
LUNCH

1:00 PM
LIGHTING TALKS!

2:00 PM
AI AND THE FUTURE OF TESTING
Jordan Powell

Chat GPT, Bard, Bing, CoPilot; the list goes on. The age of AI is officially here! Artificial intelligence may sound scary but at it's simplest form Artificial Intelligence just combines computer science and very large datasets, to help solve problems. In this talk, I will show you what AI may mean for the future of automated testing and whether or not it's coming for our jobs!

2:30 PM
COMMON MISTAKES IN VUE.JS AND HOW TO AVOID THEM
Daniel Kelly

Building apps with Vue is a delight, but there are some common gotchas you should look out for! In this talk, let’s take a look at some common mistakes that lead to bugs, wasted time, and frustration for Vue.js developers. Topics include: they v-for key attribute, replacing reactive state, failing to clean up event listeners, and more!
Many of the mistakes you’ve probably been guilty of yourself (I know I have!). Learn strategies for making the same mistake twice or learn from my own mistakes and the mistakes of others from the community.

3:00 PM
SCALABLE FORMS IN VUE
Justin Schroeder

3:30 PM
AFTERNOON BREAK

Discover the art of creating scalable forms in Vue using FormKit — ideal for teams with complex form-heavy projects. This talk delves into strategies for decomposing forms into smaller, composable components, simplifying development, and enhancing team efficiency.


4:00 PM
EMPOWERING VUE APPS WITH AI: A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO OPEN SOURCE AND PRIVATE MODEL INTEGRATION
Aileen Villanueva Lecuona

In the evolving landscape of web development, artificial intelligence (AI) has emerged as a transformative technology to make web development fun and innovative again. This session aims to provide attendees with the knowledge to build their Vue applications with AI capabilities. We will explore the integration of cutting-edge Machine Learning Models, utilizing both open-source libraries like TensorFlow.js and Hugging Face (transformers.js), and close models provided by APIs such as OpenAI and PaLM. Attendees will gain insights into the foundational principles of AI within web environments and learn to implement these technologies through engaging and complex solutions.

This talk is for web developers, AI enthusiasts, and tech innovators seeking to harness the power of AI within Vue applications to create intelligent and interactive web experiences.


4:30 PM
VUE.JS GLOBETROTTER: MASTERING INTERNATIONALIZATION FOR USER-CENTRIC WEB APPLICATIONS
J.D. Hillen

Explore the world of "Vue.js and Internationalization (i18n)". In this presentation you will lean practical steps to implementing multilingual features, date formatting, and translations seamlessly with Vue.js, ensuring your web applications are globally accessible and user-friendly. i18n allows your apps to speak the language of your diverse audience effortlessly.

5:00 PM CONFERENCE RECEPTION (AT VENUE)


Day 2

8:00 AM
BREAKFAST (GENERATIONS HALL)
9:00 AM
STATE OF NUXT 2024
Daniel Roe

State of Nuxt 2024

9:40 AM
COFFEE BREAK!
10:00 AM
MIGRATING FROM VUE 2 CLASS COMPONENTS
Robby Helms

Vue 2 reached End of Life on Dec 31, 2023. The vue-class-component and vue-property-decorator NPM packages, which provided support for Vue 2 class components, are no longer maintained. Even so, these packages are still popular with hundreds of thousands of weekly downloads.

In this session, I’ll discuss how we at Pocket Prep migrated multiple Vue 2 apps using class components to Vue 3.

10:30 AM
VUE + TENSORFLOW.JS: BUILDING YOUR FIRST ML POWERED APP
Will Marple

You don't need a background in AI or ML to start using these technologies in your Vue apps! A Vue 3 codebase will be provided that leverages Google's TensorFlow.js and several pre-trained model implementations. We'll talk a little about what TensorFlow.js is, and how you can easily pull in these powerful ML models in your own projects! By the end of the talk, you'll be comfortable using the codebase as a jumping off point to start using TF.js in your own Vue projects!

11:00 AM
MORNING BREAK
11:30 AM
PERFORMANCE-MINDED DEVELOPMENT WITH NUXT 3
Valerie England

Nuxt 3 is a game-changer for creating applications of any size and complexity while maintaining a terrific developer experience along the way. But while focused on rapid feature development, you may find your app's performance leaves much to be desired.

In this talk, we'll explore performance-minded development patterns that leverage built-in Nuxt 3 utilities, community-created modules, and an enhanced understanding of Nuxt's SSR lifecycle and hydration processes. From measurement and benchmarks to techniques and practical examples, you'll leave with a robust toolkit in hand to supercharge the speed of your next Nuxt app.

12:00 AM
LUNCH
1:00 PM
LIGHTNING TALKS
2:00 PM
THE MAGIC OF MOBILE WITH VUE AND VITE
Jess Sachs

The Magic of Mobile with Vue and Vite

2:30 PM
SPECIAL GUEST SPEAKER!

Special guest speaker!

3:00 PM
VUE.JS HYDRATION DEMYSTIFIED
Alexander Lichter

Server-side rendering in Vue has lots of benefits. Especially with frameworks like Nuxt.js, developing SSR Vue applications is a breeze, no matter if you use dynamic SSR or static site generation. But on the other hand, server-side rendering also comes with a fair increase of complexity and errors you might have not seen before. While most of them are documented and workarounds are available, one error still boggles lots of minds: When Vue hydration fails.

In this talk, we will have a deeper look into Vue's hydration process and explore together why it is needed in the first place, what it actually does and how it can "fail".
Next, various scenarios of failing hydration are showcased, together with how to debug these scenarios properly.

After this talk, you will have a deep understanding of the hydration process and possible errors will be easy to debug for you.

3:30 PM
AFTERNOON BREAK
4:00 PM
FETCHING DATA AND THE PERCEPTION OF SPEED
Rijk van Zanten

Users expect applications to respond instantly, but these expectations are not just about the raw speed of data retrieval, but managing user perception.

In this talk, we'll explore how to increase perceived performance and discuss strategic slowdowns, which can sometimes lead to a more engaging user experience, using real-world examples from large open source Vue projects.

4:30 PM
VUE, YOU AND AI SEARCH
Daniel Madalitso Phiri

Chat is the new Search! Or is it? Large language models have brought about a new era in application development. Search being the biggest winner!

In this talk, I’ll go through the evolution of building search applications and get into the technology that enables chat-like search in modern applications. We’ll also look at how we can future-proof our applications and build them to scale without sacrificing the user experience.

Besides the history lesson, at the end of this talk, you too will have an idea of how to go about building AI-enabled search experiences!

5:00 PM
CONFERENCE CLOSE AND PRIZES!
5:30 PM
CONFERENCE AFTER-PARTY (AT VENUE)


Speakers& Sessions First group of speakers, more to be announced!

Adam Jahr Getting Started with Vue

𝕏.com

Daniel Roe Nailing it with Nuxt 3 - Inside and Out

𝕏.com

Ben Hong Proven Patterns for Building Vue Apps

𝕏.com

Evan You Understanding Vue from the Bottom Up

𝕏.com

Jess Sachs Vitest and The Big Picture: Shipping and Maintaining Quality Applications

𝕏.com

Maria Lamardo Reusable Widgets That Work!

𝕏.com

Filip Rakowski How to build fast Nuxt 3 applications - PRPL pattern in practice

𝕏.com

Jordan Powell AI and the Future of Testing

𝕏.com

Daniel Kelly Common Mistakes in Vue.js and How to Avoid Them

𝕏.com

Justin Schroeder Scalable Forms in Vue

𝕏.com

Aileen Villanueva Lecuona Empowering Vue Apps with AI: A Practical Guide to Open Source and Private Model Integration

𝕏.com

J.D. Hillen Vue.js Globetrotter: Mastering Internationalization for User-Centric Web Applications

𝕏.com

Robby Helms Migrating from Vue 2 class components

𝕏.com

Will Marple Vue + TensorFlow.js: Building Your First ML Powered App

𝕏.com

Valerie England Performance-minded Development with Nuxt 3

𝕏.com

Alexander Lichter Vue.js Hydration Demystified

𝕏.com

Rijk van Zanten Fetching Data and the Perception of Speed

𝕏.com

Daniel Madalitso Phiri Vue, you and AI Search

𝕏.com

Schedule *Schedule subject to change, but we will try to keep this updated with the latest!

WorkshopsDay 1Day 2

May 15 | 7:30am - 7pm | Conference Hotel

8:00 AM

Breakfast and registration (At Renaissance hotel, workshops at the hotel)

9:00 AM

Getting Started with Vue Adam Jahr

9:00 AM

Nailing it with Nuxt 3 - Inside and Out Daniel Roe

9:00 AM

Proven Patterns for Building Vue Apps Ben Hong

9:00 AM

Understanding Vue from the Bottom Up Evan You

9:00 AM

Vitest and The Big Picture: Shipping and Maintaining Quality Applications Jess Sachs

Vueconf.US will take place in the heart of New Orleans, USA

LOCATIONLOCATIONLOCATIONLOCATION

Generations Hall 310 Andrew Higgins Blvd New Orleans, LA Workshops will be at conf hotel (not at Generations Hall)

Renaissance New Orleans Arts 700 Tchoupitoulas StNew Orleans, LA Click here to book hotel at our discount rate!

Convince your boss! Need help convincing your boss to let you come to Vueconf? We got you covered with this template that you can personalize and send to your boss! Get your template here

Vueconf 2023 highlightsVueconf 2019 highlightsVueconf 2018 highlights

Sponsorships at these levels are available for a limited time!

partner

badge

video

lanyard

happyhour Become a sponsor

community

Become a sponsor

Don't miss out! Register today to save your seat Register Now

@VueconfUS hello@vueconf.us

Code of Conduct Privacy Policy